Front-end Front — Basically, front-end news
http://frontendfront.com/

Let's talk about Web Performance
http://ponyfoo.com/articles/talk-about-web-performance

Lodash: 10 Javascript Utility Functions That You Should Probably Stop Rewriting
http://colintoh.com/blog/lodash-10-javascript-utility-functions-stop-rewriting

angular wrapper based on es7 annotations
https://github.com/PillowPillow/ng-annotations

How to detect mobile devices with JavaScript
http://thewebdevelopertimes.com/detect-mobile-visitors-with-javascript/

A social news site for kind web folk
https://www.sitepoint.com/versioning

Social News Websites for Front-End Developers
http://snip.ly/Wgti#http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/sixrevisions/~3/V16Uel62WB4/

Code Review beta 
http://codereview.stackexchange.com/

What's wrong with your JavaScript Part 1
http://garystorey.com/2015/07/10/whats-wrong-with-your-javascript/

Google developers
https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals

Introduction to Angular 2 – The fundamentals of Components
http://www.webcodegeeks.com/javascript/angular-js/introduction-angular-2-fundamentals-components/

Daily links
http://blogs.marcinkossowski.se/

10 Most-Useful JavaScript Libraries for Animating SVG
http://designdrizzle.com/10-most-useful-javascript-libraries-for-animating-svg/?ref=dzone

Some Of The Best Javascript Libraries, Frameworks And Plugins
http://www.designyourway.net/blog/jquery/best-javascript-frameworks-developer/

Need Node.js Help? Check These Top 10 Common Node.js Developer Mistakes
http://www.toptal.com/nodejs/top-10-common-nodejs-developer-mistakes

An End-to-End AngularJS Guide
http://www.webcodegeeks.com/javascript/angular-js/end-end-angularjs-guide

Apprendre Angular en un jour, le guide ultime
http://www.tinci.fr/blog/apprendre-angular-en-un-jour-le-guide-ultime/

Comprendre Angular en le refaisant de zéro à Devoxx France 2014 
http://www.technologies-ebusiness.com/langages/comprendre-angular-en-refaisant-zero-devoxx-france-2014

Creating a Super Simple Todo app Using Angular 2 —Tutorial
http://www.htmlxprs.com/post/54/creating-a-super-simple-todo-app-using-angular-2-tutorial

35 plugins jQuery gratuits pour rendre votre site incroyable
http://designspartan.com/ressources/35-plugins-jquery-gratuits-pour-rendre-votre-site-incroyable/

Découvrez ES6, le futur du Javascript, et utilisez le dès maintenant !
http://www.blogduwebdesign.com/ressources-javascript/es6-futur-Javascript-ressources-traduire-es5/1594

The JSON Validator 
http://jsonlint.com/

Frame-by-frame animation with HTML and JavaScript 
http://modernweb.com/2014/05/20/frame-by-frame-animation-with-html-and-javascript/

We have a problem with promises
http://pouchdb.com/2015/05/18/we-have-a-problem-with-promises.html

AngularUI Router, le ngRoute en mieux
http://www.occitech.fr/blog/2014/12/angular-ui-router/

Six Steps for Approaching the Next JavaScript
http://developer.telerik.com/featured/six-steps-for-approaching-the-next-javascript/

AngularJS 2.0 changements notables
http://www.synbioz.com/blog/angularjs_2_0_changements_notables

CodeSchool angularjs
http://discuss.codeschool.io/c/javascript/angularjs

A deep dive into Angular 2.0
https://www.opencredo.com/2015/07/08/a-deep-dive-into-angular-2-0/

Try AngularJS 2 
http://www.tryangular2.com/version

Android icon
http://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/icons-actionbar.html#source.type=clipart&source.space.trim=0&source.space.pad=-0.05&source.clipart=res%2Fclipart%2Ficons%2Faction_pageview.svg&name=ic_action_action_pageview&theme=dark&color=33b5e5%2C60

API 2.0 Preview
https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/

angular2-education
https://github.com/timjacobi/angular2-education

How I build Node.js Applications
http://blog.ragingflame.co.za/2015/4/1/how-i-build-nodejs-applications

The Core Concepts of Angular 2
http://victorsavkin.com/post/118372404541/the-core-concepts-of-angular-2
